Mohan and today we are going to take a look at what this buzz is all about.
So what is the agenda for today? We will talk about what is the need for data science
and then what exactly is data science and definitions and also understand the differences
between data science and business intelligence. Then we will talk about the prerequisites
for learning data science and then what does a data scientist do? What are the activities
performed by a data scientist as a part of his daily life and then we will talk about the data
science life cycle with a quick example and briefly touch upon the demand or ever increasing
demand for data scientists. Alright so let's get started. Now you must have already heard about
autonomous cars. So I'm sure you must be excited to have a car driving by itself which will
take you from home to office or office to home, right? And that's where one of the examples
where data science is used and the car needs to take a lot of decisions in this whole process
whether to speed up, whether to apply the brake, take a left turn, right turn or slow down.
So all these decisions are basically